hello today we are dealing with the end of the second signature model of
lease
the alcohols the guitarist of a trio who as we say
like everything that is a little out
so we already had one and only one jakob valve here and now
8 dan jakob
that we will detail together
faithful to his usual denentzat rapeseed opted for a 6 head line to
inverted
so not lie to myself
driver that is to say that ends this word the serious microphone
a rosewood fingerboard
with bat points
defeat of young executioners
two microphones the museum activision
a 4-1
gul at 85 serious
and in fact the euro 2000
contrary to what one might think it's not a volume anymore
tonality metropolis die more and wander rglages of the beautiful arthur stadium
bounds
so what sex boosts afterburner
well it's extra power
we will be able to engage
pulling the potentiometer and that will allow us to
saturated it does not belong to his father
that's what we'll see right away
it's the boost on the way
after
the ball
so I would have told you
the booster rate
m'bala m'bala m'bala m'bala
no
the ball
and then of course the boost is also active
corrected
a lot of volume
by placing the beautiful justin
now that we saw what gave the blonde star
then the goods the game proposes to listen to me
of lessons from both microphones and we also see that the volume is very very
progressive
so we start with the serious microphone
in the middle now
mmmmmm
even
m herself
a beautiful mothers day
not even
and now we're going to buy a good slice of it with the microphone
acute that will pass us the step years to the moulinette
this is in summary he had granted was appointed man on a guitar
which will seduce even the most affluent besides of us a guitar that
make it into the street it is capital in the night in essence
I salute you well